README.md, before:

# Coreum Blockchain

Coreum addresses the existing limitations of the current blockchains and empowers a solid foundation for future decentralized projects.
Coreum’s unique approach is to provide built-in, on-chain solutions to process transactions in a deterministic way to ensure fast, secure, cheap and a green network for a variety of use-cases.

The chain is designed to solve real-world problems at scale by providing native token management systems and Decentralized 
Exchange (DEX), while being fully decentralized. In addition to the built-on-chain solutions, Coreum uses WebAssembly (WASM)
to process smart contracts, and utilizes the Tendermint Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT) consensus mechanism and Cosmos SDK’s 
proven Bonded Proof of Stake (BPoS).

Read more on [our website](https://www.coreum.com) and [documentation portal](https://docs.coreum.dev).

## Build and Play

Coreum blockchain is under development and all the features are going to be added progressively over time.
Everyone is encouraged to run a chain locally for development and testing purposes.

Entire process of running local chain is automated by our tooling. The only prerequisites are:
- `docker` installed from your favorite package manager
- `go 1.18` or newer installed and available in your `PATH`

### Build binaries

Steps to build required binaries:
1. Clone our [crust repository](https://github.com/CoreumFoundation/crust) to the directory of your choice (let's call it `$COREUM_PATH`):
```
$ cd $COREUM_PATH
$ git clone https://github.com/CoreumFoundation/crust
```
2. Not required but recommended: Add `$COREUM_PATH/crust/bin` to your `PATH` environment variable:
```
$ export PATH="$COREUM_PATH/crust/bin:$PATH"
```
3. Compile all the required binaries and docker images:
```
$ $COREUM_PATH/crust/bin/crust build images
```

After the command completes you may find executable `$COREUM_PATH/crust/bin/cored`, being both blockchain node and client.

### Start local chain

To start local Coreum blockchain execute:

```
$ $COREUM_PATH/crust/bin/crust znet
(znet) [znet] $ start
```

After a while applications will be deployed to your docker:
- `coredev-00`: single `cored` validator
- `explorer-postgres`, `explorer-hasura` and `explorer-bdjuno`: components of the block explorer (work in progress)

To stop and purge the testing environment run:

```
$ $HOME/crust/bin/crust znet remove
```

To get all the details on how `znet` tool might be used, go to the [crust repository](https://github.com/CoreumFoundation/crust).

### Interact with the chain

After entering `znet` console by executing:

```
$ $HOME/crust/bin/crust znet
(znet) [znet] $ start
```
you may use client to interact with the chain:
1. List pregenerated wallets:
```
(znet) [znet] $ coredev-00 keys list
```
You may use those wallets to issue transactions and queries

2. Query balances:
```
(znet) [znet] $ coredev-00 q bank balances devcore1x645ym2yz4gckqjtpwr8yddqzkkzdpkt8nypky
```
Remember to replace address with the one existing in your keystore.

3. Send tokens from one account to another:
```
(znet) [znet] $ coredev-00 tx bank send alice devcore1cjs7qela0trw2qyyfxw5e5e7cvwzprkjaycnem 10core
```

## Connect to Running Chains
Coreum has `mainnet`, `testnet` and `devnet` chains running. In order to connect to any of those networks, get the
network variables from the docs [here](https://docs.coreum.dev/tutorials/network-variables.html), and
provide the correct `node` and `chain-id` flags to the cli command. 
As an example here is a command to connect to the testnet to get the status:

```
$ cored status --chain-id=coreum-devnet-1 --node=https://full-node.testnet-1.coreum.dev:26657
```
It should also be mentioned that for development purposes testnet is more stable than devnet.

You can also find block explorers for each chain by this
[link](https://docs.coreum.dev/tools-ecosystem/block-explorer.html).

Commit message:

Fixed cored name in README docs (#479)
* Updated readme file

* Merge branch 'master' into milad/proof-read-README

* Fixed PR comments

* resolved PR comments

* Fixed cored name in README docs

* Merge branch 'master' into milad/fix-cored-name-docs

* fixed the steps to generate address and transfer to it

* Merge branch 'milad/proof-read-README' into milad/fix-cored-name-docs

* fixed issues

* Merge branch 'master' into milad/fix-cored-name-docs

README.md, after:

# Coreum Blockchain

Coreum addresses the existing limitations of the current blockchains and empowers a solid foundation for future decentralized projects.
Coreum’s unique approach is to provide built-in, on-chain solutions to process transactions in a deterministic way to ensure fast, secure, cheap and a green network for a variety of use-cases.

The chain is designed to solve real-world problems at scale by providing native token management systems and Decentralized 
Exchange (DEX), while being fully decentralized. In addition to the built-on-chain solutions, Coreum uses WebAssembly (WASM)
to process smart contracts, and utilizes the Tendermint Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT) consensus mechanism and Cosmos SDK’s 
proven Bonded Proof of Stake (BPoS).

Read more on [our website](https://www.coreum.com) and [documentation portal](https://docs.coreum.dev).

## Build and Play

Coreum blockchain is under development and all the features are going to be added progressively over time.
Everyone is encouraged to run a chain locally for development and testing purposes.

Entire process of running local chain is automated by our tooling. The only prerequisites are:
- `docker` installed from your favorite package manager
- `go 1.18` or newer installed and available in your `PATH`

### Build binaries

Steps to build required binaries:
1. Clone our [crust repository](https://github.com/CoreumFoundation/crust) to the directory of your choice (let's call it `$COREUM_PATH`):
```
$ cd $COREUM_PATH
$ git clone https://github.com/CoreumFoundation/crust
```
2. Not required but recommended: Add `$COREUM_PATH/crust/bin` to your `PATH` environment variable:
```
$ export PATH="$COREUM_PATH/crust/bin:$PATH"
```
3. Compile all the required binaries and docker images:
```
$ $COREUM_PATH/crust/bin/crust build images
```

After the command completes you may find executable `$COREUM_PATH/crust/bin/cored`, being both blockchain node and client.

### Start local chain

To start local Coreum blockchain execute:

```
$ $COREUM_PATH/crust/bin/crust znet
(znet) [znet] $ start
```

After a while applications will be deployed to your docker:
- `cored-00`: single `cored` validator
- `explorer-postgres`, `explorer-hasura` and `explorer-bdjuno`: components of the block explorer (work in progress)

To stop and purge the testing environment run:

```
$ $HOME/crust/bin/crust znet remove
```

To get all the details on how `znet` tool might be used, go to the [crust repository](https://github.com/CoreumFoundation/crust).

### Interact with the local chain

After entering `znet` console by executing:

```
$ $HOME/crust/bin/crust znet
(znet) [znet] $ start
```
you may use client to interact with the chain:
1. List pregenerated wallets:
```
(znet) [znet] $ cored-00 keys list
```
You may use those wallets to issue transactions and queries

2. Generate a Wallet and Query balances:
```
(znet) [znet] $ cored-00 keys add {YOUR_WALLET_NAME} 
```
This will generate a wallet and print out the mnemonic at the end. It will also print 
the address and public key. Use the address in the next commands to query its balance
and transfer funds to it.
```
(znet) [znet] $ cored-00 q bank balances {YOUR_GENERATED_ADDRESS}
```
Remember to replace address with the one existing in your keystore.

You will see the balance is zero.

3. Send tokens from one account to another:
```
(znet) [znet] $ cored-00 tx bank send alice {YOUR_GENERATED_ADDRESS} 10udevcore --broadcast-mode=block
```
Run the query again and you will see that there are now funds in the newly generated account.
```
(znet) [znet] $ cored-00 q bank balances {YOUR_GENERATED_ADDRESS}
```

## Connect to Running Chains
Coreum has `mainnet`, `testnet` and `devnet` chains running. In order to connect to any of those networks, get the
network variables from the docs [here](https://docs.coreum.dev/tutorials/network-variables.html), and
provide the correct `node` and `chain-id` flags to the cli command. 
As an example here is a command to connect to the testnet to get the status:

```
$ cored status --chain-id=coreum-devnet-1 --node=https://full-node.testnet-1.coreum.dev:26657
```
It should also be mentioned that for development purposes testnet is more stable than devnet.

You can also find block explorers for each chain by this
[link](https://docs.coreum.dev/tools-ecosystem/block-explorer.html).
