docs/chain/cli-env.md, before:

# CLI environment setup

This doc describes the command to set up the environment depending on the type of network you want to use.

# Network variables
<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->
| \-                     | znet (localnet)             | devnet                          |
|------------------------|-----------------------------|---------------------------------|
| **Chain ID**           | coreum-devnet-1             | coreum-devnet-1                 |
| **Denom**              | ducore                      | ducore                          |
| **Node URL**           | http://localhost:26657      | https://s-0.devnet-1.coreum.dev     |
| **Faucet URL**         | http://localhost:8090       | https://api.devnet-1.coreum.dev |
| **Cosmovisor version** | v1.3.0                      | v1.3.0                          |
| **Cored version**      | already installed via crust | check the latest devnet release |
<!-- markdown-link-check-enable -->

* Set the chain env variables with the "network" corresponding values.

    ```
    export CORED_CHAIN_ID="{Chain ID}"
    export CORED_DENOM="{Denom}"
    export CORED_NODE="{Node URL}"
    export CORED_FAUCET_URL="{Faucet URL}"
    export CORED_COSMOVISOR_VERSION="{Cosmovisor version}"
    export CORED_VERSION="{Cored version}"
    
    export CORED_CHAIN_ID_ARGS="--chain-id=$CORED_CHAIN_ID"
    export CORED_NODE_ARGS="--node=$CORED_NODE $CORED_CHAIN_ID_ARGS"
    
    export CORED_HOME=$HOME/.core/"$CORED_CHAIN_ID"
    ```

* Optionally set those variables globally to be automatically set after starting a new terminal session.

* Optionally init the fund account function to use later.

    ```bash
    fund_cored_account(){ 
      echo Funding account: $1
      curl --location --request POST "$CORED_FAUCET_URL/api/faucet/v1/send-money" \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data-raw "{ \"address\": \"$1\"}"
    }
    ```

Commit message:

Testnet docs step 2 (#279)
* full node (fast sync server, fast sync client)
* validator docs

docs/chain/cli-env.md, after:

# CLI environment setup

This doc describes the command to set up the environment depending on the type of network you want to use.

# Network variables

<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->

| \-                     | znet (localnet)             | devnet                          |
|------------------------|-----------------------------|---------------------------------|
| **Chain ID**           | coreum-devnet-1             | coreum-devnet-1                 |
| **Denom**              | ducore                      | ducore                          |
| **Node URL**           | http://localhost:26657      | https://s-0.devnet-1.coreum.dev |
| **Faucet URL**         | http://localhost:8090       | https://api.devnet-1.coreum.dev |
| **Cosmovisor version** | v1.3.0                      | v1.3.0                          |
| **Cored version**      | already installed via crust | check the latest devnet release |
| **State sync servers** | not supported               | not supported                   |

<!-- markdown-link-check-enable -->

* Set the chain env variables with the "network" corresponding values.

    ```
    export CORED_CHAIN_ID="{Chain ID}"
    export CORED_DENOM="{Denom}"
    export CORED_NODE="{Node URL}"
    export CORED_FAUCET_URL="{Faucet URL}"
    export CORED_COSMOVISOR_VERSION="{Cosmovisor version}"
    export CORED_VERSION="{Cored version}"
    
    export CORED_CHAIN_ID_ARGS="--chain-id=$CORED_CHAIN_ID"
    export CORED_NODE_ARGS="--node=$CORED_NODE $CORED_CHAIN_ID_ARGS"
    
    export CORED_HOME=$HOME/.core/"$CORED_CHAIN_ID"
    ```

* (Optional) set those variables globally to be automatically set after starting a new terminal session.

* (Optional) init the fund account function to use later.

    ```bash
    fund_cored_account(){ 
      echo Funding account: $1
      curl --location --request POST "$CORED_FAUCET_URL/api/faucet/v1/send-money" \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data-raw "{ \"address\": \"$1\"}"
    }
    ```
